>> Today on Cosmic Disclosure,
we're at an undisclosed
location with Tim.
Tim is a tactical advisor in the
covert governance in Germany,
who analyzes and suggests
various strategies in relation
to extraterrestrial groups
in contact with Earth.
Tim, welcome to the show.
>> Thank you for having me.
>> Tim, you referred to humanity
as a time-traveling species.
What do you mean by that?
>> The theoretical physics
exists since the 1920s.
Around that time, they
found out that there's
some fluidity to time
and that it could also
work as a dimension.
That path the way, so to
speak, for time traveling,
for moving through time.
So the Germans did have
experiments on that.
I'm not privy if
they were successful,
and I doubt it strongly.
I think that they found a lot
of technology and had some help,
but they did not
succeed on time travel,
to make it as
stable as it should
be to put a biological
being through some portal
or something.
But there were experiments.
And there were also
experiments with particles
and smaller objects who were
successful in the '70s, '80s.
And making humanity a
time-traveling species
is something that is pretty new.
Like we're talking about
10, 20 years at max.
So the technology
actually, at least
the technology I am aware
of, comes from the Greys
because they are a
time-traveling species.
And I need to add that time
travel technology seems
to be something that only
a very, very small group
of people has access to.
It's not in the mainstream.
And it's also nothing
that countries regularly
seem to have access to,
only very limited access.
While a lot of races have
been given or developed
some kind of propulsion
system in order
to move upon their planet
or move away off planet,
traveling through time, as
it makes a lot of turbulence
and distortion to
the timeline itself,
is something that is very
exclusive and very rare
to find in a stable
technology whilst development.
>> Who are the beings
influencing timelines?
>> I basically know of two
three-dimensional beings that
have the time travel technology.
I know that there
are more than that.
And I know that there
has been more influence
on the Earth timelines
than just from two species.
But personally, so to speak,
I know only two species
that did that.
And the one reptilian species
we we're talking about
and the Greys do have
that as a technology.
Other beings that have developed
a more spiritual approach
to time travel,
they can also move
through time, which means
that they use their connection
to the interconnectivity
of the universe
in order to shift
their consciousness
from one point and one
dimension into another point,
into another dimension,
which can be time.
But that also means that
moving objects, moving crafts,
technology, or even a body
is something that cannot be
maintained.
>> You know two types of
beings who use time travel.
And now, you're saying
humans have that ability.
With all the chaos and
divisiveness on Earth,
how can humans be
trusted at time travel?
>> Again, to my
understanding, there's a very,
very limited access
to the technology.
The algorithms and
calculations that
have to be done in
order to alter time
and in order to influence
and effect timelines
are very complicated
and very dangerous.
So to my knowledge,
there's only one group
that is accessing
this technology that
comes from the Greys.
And I'm pretty sure
that the Greys have
some kind of oversight on that.
And the good thing about that is
that these beings or let me say
this group that builds this
time unit is reaching out
from a future
version of the Earth
in order to prevent chaos in
the recent timeline, which
is pretty assuring, a good
and healthy evolution.
And I think that the Greys
saw that because as we know,
the Greys, they
put a lot of effort
into the communication
with human people.
They appeared a
lot to individuals,
were warning them about
humans destroying the planet.
And they were appearing
inside of nuclear facilities
and researching how to shut down
nuclear bombs because they have
seen more than
one time the Earth
being destroyed by A,
outside technology,
or B, inside technology.
And because giving technology
to human groups, to governments
wasn't successful in order
to change the kind of mindset
and the moral ethical
standpoint of governments.
They needed to be directly
showing the consequences
because that is something
human beings react upon.
When there is a
direct catalyst that
is so heavy and
directly experienceable,
they move or shift
their awareness.
And because the Greys
did a lot of effort
in order to repair
certain timelines in order
to save their material and save
the development of the Earth,
at one point, they
decided to at least show
to a very unique and
special group of people
what the actual consequences
can be in the future.
And that is one
very heavy reason
why we now have all
this disclosure going on
because knowing the
consequences makes
you have a different
perspective on what's going on.
>> Are you alluding to some
event that they're trying
to shift right now that
could be catastrophic?
>> To my knowledge, we had a
lot of potential catastrophes
occurring in different
timelines on the Earth.
Having terrible,
terrible output,
which the Greys
corrected in order
to have this kind of correct
evolvement of the planet.
I am aware that
there right now are
people from the future on Earth
assisting with this process.
>> Is it the people from the
future or ETs who are helping
with this process?
>> The thought of having
a linear time signature,
linear timeline is pretty
special to the dualistic
thinking of humans.
So if you want to
make that difference,
I would say that only humans
fall under that category
because if you're
talking about the Greys
as the time-traveling
species, they
wouldn't say they
come from the future
because as they travel through
all those dimensions pretty
fluently, they do
not define themselves
as futuristic beings
or present beings.
They just are beings.
>> How far in the future
are they coming from when
we're talking about
these human beings?
>> I think we're not talking
about a too large number.
We're pretty much having
kind of baby steps
and to a possible future.
So I would suggest that we
have about 50 to 70 years
in the future, which seems
to be a small number,
but which means a lot in
terms of correcting timelines
and also in terms of technology,
and wisdom, and knowledge,
and connectivity.
>> Falco from the Damanhur
Federation said that he time
travelled to the past to make a
small change that would affect
a significant event around
the same time you're speaking
about.
What do you know about that?
>> I have heard about Damanhur.
I've also heard that they are
using natural portals in order
to move through time and using
natural-occurring temporal
dynamics.
And that is a thing.
So I've not been there.
Maybe sometime in the future.
Who knows?
But naturally occurring
temporal dynamics are a thing.
And they happen randomly
at certain places,
at certain times.
They are pretty rare.
But it can happen.
And it's also
theoretically in physics
and proven that they do happen
where for example, something
could move into a
temporal dimension.
And it's just gone from this
time and appears somewhere els.
>> Can you describe the
different timelines that you
know about?
>> Yeah.
I mean, there are
millions, and millions,
and millions of timelines that
are potentially there or have
happened and broken
away or something.
So it's a huge question.
But there is knowledge about
how to do the calculations
on shifting from one timeline
into the other timeline.
And there are like
thousands or billion
probably, an infinite number
of potential timelines
that have happened in the past,
failed and got reintegrated
into the main time
string that we have.
And that is stable
and successful.
And if you're asking me
about one specific and maybe
important alternative timeline
that is happening right now.
But not everyone on Earth will
experience, for example, aliens
or non-terrestrials.
There are people that have taken
the decision to not experience
non-terrestrial beings.
And that, by their free
will, they will not.
But those beings, those persons
that have taken this decision
are not on this
timeline right now,
where everyone is
watching this program.
Because everyone who
is watching this right
now will be on
the timeline where
UFOs or UAPs and foreign
species will be a thing.
Which also means that some kind
of negotiation, and trading,
and all those things
that come with challenges
will also be a thing.
There is a timeline that is
more harmonious than the one we
are on.
It's timeline where those
main player characters or CUs,
consciousness units or people,
whatever you want to call them,
they have decided that they want
to be in harmony with everyone.
Right now, there are challenges.
There are things that
need to be ruled out.
need to find a way.
And it's a more
sensitive timeline
that will eventually succeed.
>> How will this
shift take place,
where you have some people
who will move to a different
for sequential timeline
and a new world,
versus the people who are
resistant and close-minded.
>> There is a huge number of
possibilities to answer that
question.
But I will reduce
it to only three.
Those people who have
figured out and by their sole
development decided that they
will not enter a universe where
exopolitics are a thing,
those have left the planet
about, I don't know, three,
four, five years ago.
They can still appear in your
life as some version of them,
but the consciousness, the
observer version of them
is in a different timeline.
You might find that
some people in your life
have made a drastical
change in their appearance
or in their way of behavior.
That might be in
evidence, or a clue,
or an indicator for that
person to have shifted
his or her observary
point to another timeline
and experiencing something
else that is also stable.
And at one point,
all those timelines
that are now splitting up will
return to the main time strain
in the midst of the universe.
All those different realities
that are appearing are stable.
The one with the non-terrestrial
beings, the UAPs, UFOs,
Pentagon, and Earth shift, those
are stable realities, just as
the one that have a form
of unification factor.
For example, there is a timeline
that is parallel to this one,
where the Earth
decided on activating
a unified field of
consciousness, which
means the individual factor
of every consciousness unit
will merge into a
higher consciousness
of a planetary awareness that
is happening somewhere else
parallel to what we
experience right now.
This is a very stable
timeline because that
means that everyone is kind
of giving up their ego,
giving up their part
of the individuality
in order to make Earth
very, very stable.
There are a lot of
unsolved problems
and a lot of challenges that
comes with this version, which
means we have exopolitics.
We have politics on
Earth, domestic politics.
We have to find out how to move
into a peaceful universe, which
means negotiation, which
means we need to get along
with our galactic family.
But as you know, family
also means controversy.
It means conflict at times.
That makes this timeline
a little more challenging.
And that makes other
more stable timelines
focus more on this
brother or sister timeline
in order to move it
carefully into another spot.
>> When were timelines
first manipulated?
>> So the first attempts of
changing timelines I am aware
of is probably 15,000 years
ago because that was one
of the heavier
cataclysts that appeared.
Where before that, we have
a lot of loose timelines
that got integrated.
So if at that
point, the universe
had has certain points
where it kind of saves
the backup of a timeline, puts
every failed timeline together,
and creates
something emerges it.
If we go further back
than 15,000 years,
then you have
different timelines
that would be merged
anyway to this timeline.
So the best opportunity
for anybody,
if you want to change
the current timeline,
would be around 15,000 years.
>> You mentioned the
installation was integrated
15,000 years ago.
Is there a connection
with that and what
you're speaking about now?
>> Totally.
The first influences
and the first appearance
of distortion of humanity
is about 15,000 years ago
with people building up
elites and invasive structures
and being in conflict
with each other.
At that time, it
was more or less
like a satellite
war, which means
that you have two
opponents that use
another geostrategic
situation in order
to rule out a conflict.
And the more evolved
humans became,
the more they intermingled.
And genetics merged.
The more it became a conflict
and a chaos on planet Earth.
That became a direct location
of conflict in the universe.
>> What concerns do you have
for the timeline humanity is
in right now?
>> I don't have any concerns.
I only have hopes
about this timeline.
Because eventually, and I know
that it is a stable timeline,
so it will eventually succeed.
But as always, time
means that memory
moves its way through
what we could call time
through dimension.
And on that way of memory,
we will find challenges.
And we find conflicts,
potential conflicts.
And it's up to us, it's up
to every responsible unit
of consciousness
in order to help
in stabilizing this timeline.
We have a lot of help, a lot of
influence from outside of time.
We have beings that oversee
the orientation of the vector
of time, which is great.
So it kind of means that
we can relax and be sure
that this will work out.
It still means we
are responsible,
and we need to be aware of what
we put out into the universe.
It is on us to be responsible,
and to be healthy and positive
beings, and to create
and project out
good, peaceful, and harmonious
energy into the world.
>> Are there any species
in opposition of positively
influencing our timeline?
>> Look, the Earth had some time
in order to solve their greed,
and conflicts, and
problems on their own.
The universe in this version
of reality and in this timeline
didn't quite make
it to a point where
the Earth is homogeneous,
peaceful, and productive enough
to help themselves.
That is why the universe
for this timeline
has decided to go outside,
to bring diversity
and other realities densed
together in order to find best
practice, mathematical
solutions for the challenges
that occur on this Earth,
which brings the higher
probability to the
solution of the problems
that the Earth has
experienced in the past.
But it also brings a higher
scale of problems with it.
>> When you say precise
mathematical solutions,
it sounds like an IT engineer
writing code to get a specific
outcome.
Are we a result of some code?
>> Depends on the perspective.
If I was talking to an AI
being, then they would say yes.
If I'm talking to a biology
or a biological being,
then they would say no.
If I would talk to a
yogi, they would say
karma and dharma is the same.
So it seems to the best as we
all understand the universe,
the universe has some kind
of natural dynamics to it.
You might want to call it code.
You can call it communication.
You can call it a
mental thought system.
But the universe is producing
some kind of reality.
And yeah, it finds some kind
of algorithm to problems.
You might find
different terms to that,
but it's the same phenomenon.
>> Tim, are we all existing
on different timelines,
or do we simply
exist on this one?
>> We are everything.
We are awareness.
And we are experiencing
this reality
depending on where we put
our observatorial state.
So if I am looking
through these eyes
and experiencing this
room, then I probably
consciously and willingly
decide to be here.
But I could also or
the universe could also
take a different take.
Everyone could decide
to be somewhere else
and watch them themselves
and to play there.
So if you're asking, do we
exist in different timelines,
a version of us might exist
in a different timeline.
But if we consciously decide or
our soul consciously decides,
which means a
super-consciousness system,
which kicks in as long as
the consciousness needs to be
self-aware and self-willing.
As long as we decide
to be here, we're here.
>> In a parallel
universe and timeline,
is that a version of Tim and
his soul moving through that,
or just in this timeline?
>> For example, the
double slit experiment.
So once the particle has
decided where it is located,
it is there.
You can, at some point
for a theoretical second,
be at two points in the
universe at the same time.
But something or
someone has to decide
where you are located as
long as we have this observer
individual status that
people on Earth are used to.
>> You talked about us
and a shift happening now,
but what about the closed
minded people not participating?
What will happen to them,
and where do they go?
>> So if we are talking about
those units of consciousness
that have either not
developed a soul yet,
or not developed
a state of mind,
where they willingly decide for
their own where they are going,
or a soul that comes in
consequence decides for them,
they will become
a failed timeline.
Which means their consciousness
will be in some other state
where they can't have the
opportunity, the probabilities
to learn either to decide for
themselves or develop a soul.
But if we are talking
about mindful beings that
have decided to
not be in contact
with non-terrestrial
beings and have decided
to be in a denser, unified
state of awareness,
they're willing decision is to
observe and to experience that
as long as we are
here and as long
as we are still experiencing
a dualistic worldview,
where we're having
this experience.
And the illusion that
it's not one source that
is talking to itself.
We have other beings,
3D beings, that
also identify as individual
consciousness units that
will interact with us and
have also decided to be here.
>> Where did you get the term
consciousness unit rather than
just saying human beings?
>> I don't know.
It's just a term that
somebody came up with.
It's just like the observeral
status or something,
some technical term, that
makes it pretty clear
that we're not talking
about, I don't know--
it's a technical term, which is
in use, and I use it as well.
>> Tim, that was
very informative.
Thank you so much for
being on the show.
>> Thank you.
I'm Emery Smith, and this
is Cosmic Disclosure.
Until next time.
>> Next on Cosmic Disclosure.
>> There are forces overseeing
timelines, securing timelines,
so that everything
will turn out fine.
There is a version of this
recent planet Earth that
is somewhere in the future.
>> Are the interviews and
answers you're giving right now
affecting people in the future?